In the prototype, we have a home page, a log-in page, a sign-up page, the main bingo board, and a game for the bingo. The home page presents the main information about the bingo game, as well as the goals which we are intending to meet with our project. These goals include: sustainable food, preventing climate change, reducing poverty and sustainable cities. The log-in page includes a secure log-in system with 2-factor authentication, and for security purposes all passwords are hashed in the database. We also have a sign-up page, allowing users to create a new profile for the app using their email, and requiring the user to enter the password twice, to ensure no accidental enters. The users can then click play on the home page to access the main bingo board. Each time the page is loaded, the bingo board is randomised. By clicking on a square on the board, the user is directed to the relevant game.  At this point, we have only developed one of these games, which is a quiz about sustainability at the University of Exeter. The functionality to display completed games as green is also complete. 
A known issue with the application is that the game can be accessed without the user needing to log in. This is a problem as if the user was then to complete a challenge, the request to the database to update the users score would crash the application, as there’s no profile to update. To counter this, in the second sprint we will be implementing either cookies or sessions in the frontend to ensure that the play button only displays to the user if the user is logged in. Another issue is that each time the bingo board page is loaded, a random board is generated for the user, but this is not always what we want. If the user has already accessed the page before, their board which they have started on should load. For now, having it always randomly generate is the best solution. There are various improvements we can make for the second sprint, for example making the theme of the website more consistent. Also, whether the user is logged in or not does not currently affect the functionality of the website, so this can be improved. The largest improvement we can make however is adding the garden, leafcoin and shop functionalities to complete our sustainability game.
